Now let's make this button functional. Let's switch over
to our editor. And here in accept
component we can go to template
here we can add v-on click dot prevent equals create
so we'll call create method
when this button is clicked. And here
I'll change this v-on: to @ symbol
and here
I'm going to add id property to hold answer id
and then let's define methods property
and inside here
let's define create method.
Here we'll make ajax post request by saying
axios dot post and let me see the route
OK here's the route that we need
Let's copy
and then paste here.
And change this answer to this id
then when success will show a flash message
here the time out will be three seconds and I'll
place the flash message on the bottom left
and also we need to change the is best to true
and the temporary solution is by saying
this is best equal true.
Again this is just temporary solution
and in the future lesson we'll come back here and fix this issue.
last we can open accept answer controller
here we'll return json response
if the expected response is json
and here I'll return a message
and I'm going to say "you have accepted
this answer as best answer".
one last thing let's reopen the answer model
and add is best in this appends attribute
and give it a try.
To test this you have to find a question
that own by the current user signed in
reload the page. I'll hit
this accept answer.
Something went wrong. Here I have two
accept buttons. This is not what we expect.
Let's see our code
switch to accept dot vue
ok
Firstly here we need to change these to
This is best because as you can see
after we hit the button
we change the is best to true
So is best initially store the is best from answer
instance but then when we hit the accept button we
change it true
That's why I accepted method relies on the local is best
property and then in this classes method it doesn't relies
on the accepted method because it does not care
whether a current user can accept the question or not.
Instead it depends on local is best
we need to change
this to accepted
because remember this elements only appear if the
current user has no authorization to accept the answer
and the answer has been accepted as best
answer.
Reload again.
Here we can see that this answer accepted as best answer.
indicate in green color.
Now if we hit the accept button on another answer
here we have flash message pop up
and the icon's color turns to green.
Now here we'll have two answers in green color
but if we reload the page
we'll have one answer Mark as best answer. We'll
leave this issue and we'll come back to fix this issue
in the upcoming lesson.
Now if you see other question by anyone else
here we'll also see the accept appear.
Of course if we hit the button
we don't see any changes or flash message.
if we open the developer tool
here we have error forbidden response which
means we have an authorization error.
So in this case you could be catch the error and
show it into error flash message. But I think we don't
need to do that.
Because in the next lesson we are going to rewrite the authorization logic into javascript code and this
issue should  be fixed.
OK
That's it.
Let's take a break.
Don't forget to commit all changes
to your bit repo. So I'll see you in the next lesson.